hey everybody well we left the cabin
yesterday you know now we're at Sarah's
house I'm sharing a room with Sarah yeah
it's pretty nice though
oh I borrowed uh Sarah's sketch pad for
my closet I found it there
I figured if she's gonna steal my
drawings I might as well use her paper
right since Lindsey and I got into that
fight I have been trying to piece things
together trying to figure myself out how
can I picture that woman Brees mom
sitting next to me so clearly and yet I
still don't know who she is or anything
Lily says that Brees mom's name is
Elizabeth and it sounds right it sounds
familiar but I really can't tell if I'm
just remembering things or listening to
Lizzie you know will I ever remember my
real parents I was only two when I left
and
I don't know and do I really remember
pre my sister or is it that I've watched
so many of her videos that feel like I
already know her I really want to tell
Lizzy something about Brie's mom
something that's real it's just if I
said I knew anything I I'd be lying
Lizzy deserves the truth and so do I
Lizzy says Brie's mom his name is named
Elizabeth and Lizzy says Brees mom is
named Elizabeth and that sounds right it
sounds familiar
Lizzy said that Brees mom her name it
Lizzy said that Lizzy says that Brees
mom mom's names I don't know that was
only two when I left
[Music]
you